Th2 2212 common cannot recover channel level exceptions (#218)
th2-net/th2-common-j: README.md

## Release notes

> ### 3.43.0
> + Added retry in case of a RabbitMQ channel or connection error (when possible).
> + Added InterruptedException to basicConsume method signature.
> + Added additional logging for RabbitMQ errors.
> + Fixed connection recovery delay time.
> + Integration tests for these scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 3.42.1
+ Added retry in case of a RabbitMQ channel or connection error (when possible).
+ Added InterruptedException to basicConsume method signature.
+ Added additional logging for RabbitMQ errors.
+ Fixed connection recovery delay time.
+ Integration tests for these scenarios.
```
